README.md, before:

# Functional Movie Search

> a frontend example app built with functional principles in mind

## Motivation

This is an exercise in building a mostly functional frontend app without a framework like React & Redux.

Part of the code is from [Functional Programming For Beginners with JavaScript](https://courses.knowthen.com/p/functional-programming-for-beginners-with-javascript).

## Tech Stack

- ES6
- [virtual-dom](https://github.com/Matt-Esch/virtual-dom)
- [hyperscript-helpers ](https://github.com/ohanhi/hyperscript-helpers)
- [Ramda](https://ramdajs.com)
- [minireset.css](https://github.com/jgthms/minireset.css)
- [Tachyons](http://tachyons.io/)
- [Open Movie Database](http://www.omdbapi.com/)
- Webpack & webpack-dev-server

## Installation

- `git clone git@github.com:sophiabrandt/functional-comments.git`
- `npm install` or `yarn install`
- `npm start` or `yarn start`
- visit `http://localhost:8000/`

## Credits & License

Part of the code originally written by [James Moore](https://github.com/knowthen/). Adapted for learning purposes by Sophia Brandt.

Commit message:

[update] cleanup functions & imports; add tachyons as npm package & import instead of CDN; deploy to github pages

README.md, after:

# Functional Movie Search

> a frontend example app built with functional principles in mind

The **[live demo](https://sophiabrandt.github.io/functional-movie-search/)** is hosted on Github Pages. You can search for movie titles by typing into the search bar and submitting your search.  
The app will query the [Open Movie Database](http://www.omdbapi.com/).  
Click on an image to see more information (leads to the [IMDB Website](https://www.imdb.com)).

## Motivation

This is an exercise in building a mostly functional frontend app **without** a framework like React & Redux.

Part of the code is from [Functional Programming For Beginners with JavaScript](https://courses.knowthen.com/p/functional-programming-for-beginners-with-javascript).

## Tech Stack

- ES6
- [virtual-dom](https://github.com/Matt-Esch/virtual-dom)
- [hyperscript-helpers ](https://github.com/ohanhi/hyperscript-helpers)
- [Ramda](https://ramdajs.com)
- [minireset.css](https://github.com/jgthms/minireset.css)
- [Tachyons](http://tachyons.io/)
- [Open Movie Database](http://www.omdbapi.com/)
- [PlaceKitten](https://placekitten.com)
- Webpack & webpack-dev-server

## Installation

- `git clone git@github.com:sophiabrandt/functional-comments.git`
- `npm install` or `yarn install`
- `npm start` or `yarn start`
- visit `http://localhost:8000/`

## Credits & License

Part of the code originally written by [James Moore](https://github.com/knowthen/). Adapted for learning purposes by Sophia Brandt.
